Javi, I'll ask you, that's a challenge
because this is very complicated,
to see if you try to explain
to your grandmother how programmatic
advertising works,
the trips that are behind.
The process, if it is complicated, I
will try to explain it in the simplest
way possible without getting into technology
or in very technical terminology
so that we can understand it Let
us say we go back to what we always
have, we have two parts.
We have the part of the purchase
where the advertiser would be,
the advertiser wants to
buy advertising to a certain
goal and on the other hand we
have the side of the sale, where
the supports are and that therefore
are those who offer their inventory
to the advertisers so that
they can buy those spaces
they need.
Between the mediums of the two layers there
is a technological process that gives
support and optimizes for both sides.
So what does the advertiser do with
all of these capabilities we have
talked about that has programmatic
advertising?
Directly what it does is to say, hear,
I for this campaign determined
what I want is to impact a
type of very determined audience
and if it can be at a cost that
does not exceed Then, all that
gets in a small batcher and is
sent to a neutral platform
that is called The Change, which
let us say can function as a fish
lounge that is, they come
there with a demand of an audience
at a price that does not
ideally mean x euros and
on the other hand in that
same lounge who comes is the
part of the sale, the supports.
The supports have an inventory and
they will be the ones who decide
what part of their inventory they
want to put inside that lonja
and want to make it available
to the market.
And they also offer it with a series
of attributes, because when you go to
browse the internet by putting a very
simple example and you put the country.
com before even that it loads
the page, all that information
is already sent to the information
of who is loading the page, the
attributes that accompany it
and therefore is being put
that user at the disposal of the
market so that the market
can go for him.
So basically we have an advertiser
who wants a user with certain
attributes and a support that
offers that user with
those certain attributes.
When you see what the part of the purchase
is to go for it, this is a bidding
system, but not only bidding that
advertiser, they will go for all
those advertisers who are looking
for users with the same attributes.
So basically who wins or who paints
the impression we call in advertising
is ultimately the one who has
paid or offered more money,
but will pay only one penny more
than the second one who has
put the most.
It is what is called that Comprice
Auction and it does not only
work in advertising but in other
auction models, so that you offer
a maximum price, you will pay a
penny more than the second one
that has risen most and finally
you will take that impression
in such a way that you efficiency
in the impact, because
you are impacting that user
that you only want to impact,
at a cost never higher than
you would be willing to pay,
in an immediate and totally
automatic way.
Because all this information you
load on a console, the support
you load on its console and the
whole process works automatically.
And the most magical and wonderful
thing about this process is that all
this I have told you works in less
than 0.1 milliseconds, that is, since
you have put the name of the page
you want to enter before that page
is loaded, all this has already passed
and the advertising impact
you receive will be that of the
one who has rushed to impact you
at that moment with that message.
This phenomenal explained and I only
have a doubt, it is perfectly
understood how you issue a request,
the advertiser.
Javi, it has been phenomenal
explained, I only have a doubt and
I will put the situation.
I am the advertiser and I want to
impact and I will go back to the example
before, I want to impact men
35 years old and I issue the
request to the platform.
And we have the other side of
the supports, the websites and others
that are selling that inventory.
What I would like to know is
because those media,
media, etc., are visiting
the man of 35 years, who
is who I want to impact
and I want the ad, my
ad, I want my ad to be printed,
but also the man of 35
months, 22, but I don'
t want it to come out.
So what I don't know is how the
technology platform manages
to square this.
To explain it in a simple way and
that's why it's so beautiful programming
and that's why it's so efficient,
it's because it's able to
outsource it.
That is, what you have to be able to
do with the system is to recognize
that what the support is offering
is already going with that feature.
That is, you hear, I am a certain
support, I am the country and
I am offering to the system before
it loads on my page, when a user
has searched my page, before
my page loads, I am able to
tell the system that that
user who is getting into
is 35 years old.
That is, the country knows when the 35-
year-old visits you, when the 22-year-old
visits you.
You can know if you have the
ability to recognize that user
with the data capabilities you
have, either from your date or your
first party data, from the date
you are collecting from your
users in your browsing, or from
third parties that are data
providers that can, say, hyper
qualify that user.
So, let's say that a rating is produced
of each of the users that has some
attributes that are offered
to the system and when an advertiser
says hears, to me what I'm
interested is only users
35 years old.
If the support offers me that user
of 35 years and I see that he is a user
of 35 years and therefore I am interested,
I will go for him.
If you are not able to offer it to me,
I will not even see it, I will not know
who you are, you will not interest me
and therefore I will never go for you with
what is on the one hand what I ask and
on the other hand what they offer me.
If you are able to offer me what I ask
for, I will go up for it and if not,
it will never happen, the encounter
will never happen.
Many thanks.
to you.